TODO.md, before:

# TODOs - Possible Features

## @TODO: Documentation & Testing Migration (Priority)

### Phase 1: Setup Nextra Documentation Site
- [ ] Create new `apps/docs/` directory in monorepo
- [ ] Install Nextra in `apps/docs/`
- [ ] Configure Nextra with React HERE Maps theme
- [ ] Add docs workspace to `pnpm-workspace.yaml`
- [ ] Setup basic pages structure:
  - [ ] Getting Started guide
  - [ ] Component reference pages
  - [ ] API documentation
  - [ ] Examples gallery
- [ ] Create interactive component playground
- [ ] Configure to import from `@rodrito/react-here-maps`
- [ ] Setup deployment to Vercel/Netlify

### Phase 2: Modern Testing Setup
- [ ] Create `tests/` directory in root
- [ ] Install and configure Vitest
- [ ] Setup React Testing Library
- [ ] Install Playwright for component testing
- [ ] Configure test utilities for HERE Maps components
- [ ] Create test examples for each component
- [ ] Setup CI/CD for automated testing

### Phase 3: Migration from Storybook
- [ ] **Keep Storybook for development** (useful for isolated component work)
- [ ] **Remove Storybook from public docs** (use Nextra instead)
- [ ] Migrate component examples from Storybook to `apps/docs/`
- [ ] Convert Storybook stories to:
  - [ ] Nextra MDX documentation pages in `apps/docs/`
  - [ ] Vitest component tests in `tests/unit/`
  - [ ] Playwright visual regression tests in `tests/integration/`
- [ ] Update README to point to new Nextra docs site

### Phase 4: Testing Strategy Implementation
- [ ] **Unit Tests** (Vitest + RTL):
  - [ ] Component rendering tests
  - [ ] Props validation tests
  - [ ] Hook behavior tests
  - [ ] Event handling tests
- [ ] **Integration Tests** (Playwright):
  - [ ] Component interaction tests
  - [ ] Visual regression tests
  - [ ] Cross-browser compatibility
  - [ ] Mobile responsiveness
- [ ] **E2E Tests** (Playwright):
  - [ ] Full user workflows
  - [ ] API integration tests
  - [ ] Performance testing

### Tools & Dependencies to Install:
```bash
# Documentation (in apps/docs/)
cd apps/docs
pnpm add nextra nextra-theme-docs next react react-dom
pnpm add @rodrito/react-here-maps

# Testing (in root)
cd ../..
pnpm add -D vitest @vitejs/plugin-react
pnpm add -D @testing-library/react @testing-library/jest-dom
pnpm add -D @playwright/test @playwright/experimental-ct-react
pnpm add -D jsdom happy-dom

# Optional: Visual regression
pnpm add -D @percy/playwright chromatic

# Update workspace
# Add "apps/docs" to pnpm-workspace.yaml
```

### File Structure After Migration:
```
/
├── packages/
│   └── lib/              # React HERE Maps library (keep Storybook for dev)
├── apps/
│   ├── www/              # Demo application (existing)
│   └── docs/             # Nextra documentation site (new)
│       ├── pages/
│       │   ├── components/
│       │   ├── guides/
│       │   └── examples/
│       └── components/   # Interactive examples
├── tests/
│   ├── unit/             # Vitest + RTL tests
│   ├── integration/      # Playwright component tests
│   └── e2e/             # End-to-end tests
└── pnpm-workspace.yaml   # Update to include apps/docs
```

### Benefits of This Approach:
- ✅ Keep Storybook for development workflow
- ✅ Modern, fast documentation site for users
- ✅ Comprehensive testing strategy
- ✅ Better maintainability and performance
- ✅ Professional documentation experience

---

## Geometric Shapes

- **Circle** - Display circular areas with radius
- **Polygon** - Create polygons with holes support
- **Rectangle** - Simple rectangular overlays
- **DomMarker** - HTML-based markers with DOM events

### Advanced Markers

- **MarkerCluster** - Group nearby markers for performance
- **InfoBubble** - Display information popups on markers
- **CustomIcon** - SVG-based markers with rotation support
- **AnimatedMarker** - Markers with position animations

## Routing & Directions

### Route Components

- **RoutingService** - Calculate routes between points
- **PedestrianRoute** - Walking directions display
- **DrivingRoute** - Car route visualization
- **TruckRoute** - Commercial vehicle routing with restrictions
- **PublicTransitRoute** - Public transport directions
- **BicycleRoute** - Cycling routes with altitude data

### Isoline & Coverage

- **Isoline** - Display reachable areas (time/distance)
- **ServiceArea** - Coverage area visualization

## Indoor Mapping

- **IndoorMap** - Indoor venue display
- **LevelControl** - Switch between floor levels
- **DrawingControl** - Navigate between buildings
- **VenueSearch** - Search within indoor spaces

## Layers & Visualization

- **TileLayer** - Custom tile overlays
- **HeatmapLayer** - Data density visualization
- **TrafficLayer** - Real-time traffic information
- **WeatherLayer** - Weather data overlay
- **ObjectLayer** - Custom object collections

## Geocoding & Search

- **Geocoder** - Address to coordinates conversion
- **ReverseGeocoder** - Coordinates to address lookup
- **PlaceSearch** - Point of interest search
- **AutoSuggest** - Search suggestions component

## Map Controls & UI

- **CompassControl** - Map orientation indicator
- **FullscreenControl** - Fullscreen toggle
- **LayerSwitcher** - Switch between map types
- **MiniMap** - Overview map component
- **CoordinateDisplay** - Show cursor coordinates

## Events & Interactions

- **ClickHandler** - Map click event management
- **DragHandler** - Drag and drop interactions
- **ContextMenu** - Right-click menu system
- **HoverEffects** - Mouse hover interactions

## Utility Hooks

- **useGeolocation** - User location detection
- **useMapBounds** - Track visible map area
- **useMapEvents** - Event listener management
- **useMapRestriction** - Limit map movement area
- **useMapCapture** - Screenshot functionality
- **useMapStyle** - Dynamic style switching

## Data & Analytics

- **PostcodeLayer** - Postal code boundaries
- **GeoJSON** - Display GeoJSON data
- **KMLLayer** - KML file visualization
- **DataVisualization** - Custom data overlays

Commit message:

Refactor ESLint configuration by migrating from .eslintrc.cjs to eslint.config.js for improved TypeScript support. Update TODO.md to outline the migration to Biome for linting and enhance documentation phases. Remove obsolete ESLint configuration files.

TODO.md, after:

# TODOs - Possible Features

## @TODO: Documentation & Testing Migration (Priority)

### Phase 0: Tooling Migration

- [ ] **Migrate Web App ESLint to Biome** (like lib package)
  - [ ] Install `@biomejs/biome` in `app/www/`
  - [ ] Create `biome.json` configuration based on lib package
  - [ ] Update package.json scripts to use Biome instead of ESLint
  - [ ] Remove ESLint dependencies and configuration files
  - [ ] Test linting and formatting commands
  - [ ] Update CI/CD workflows if needed

### Phase 1: Setup Nextra Documentation Site

- [ ] Create new `apps/docs/` directory in monorepo
- [ ] Install Nextra in `apps/docs/`
- [ ] Configure Nextra with React HERE Maps theme
- [ ] Add docs workspace to `pnpm-workspace.yaml`
- [ ] Setup basic pages structure:
  - [ ] Getting Started guide
  - [ ] Component reference pages
  - [ ] API documentation
  - [ ] Examples gallery
- [ ] Create interactive component playground
- [ ] Configure to import from `@rodrito/react-here-maps`
- [ ] Setup deployment to Vercel/Netlify

### Phase 2: Modern Testing Setup

- [ ] Create `tests/` directory in root
- [ ] Install and configure Vitest
- [ ] Setup React Testing Library
- [ ] Install Playwright for component testing
- [ ] Configure test utilities for HERE Maps components
- [ ] Create test examples for each component
- [ ] Setup CI/CD for automated testing

### Phase 3: Migration from Storybook

- [ ] **Keep Storybook for development** (useful for isolated component work)
- [ ] **Remove Storybook from public docs** (use Nextra instead)
- [ ] Migrate component examples from Storybook to `apps/docs/`
- [ ] Convert Storybook stories to:
  - [ ] Nextra MDX documentation pages in `apps/docs/`
  - [ ] Vitest component tests in `tests/unit/`
  - [ ] Playwright visual regression tests in `tests/integration/`
- [ ] Update README to point to new Nextra docs site

### Phase 4: Testing Strategy Implementation

- [ ] **Unit Tests** (Vitest + RTL):
  - [ ] Component rendering tests
  - [ ] Props validation tests
  - [ ] Hook behavior tests
  - [ ] Event handling tests
- [ ] **Integration Tests** (Playwright):
  - [ ] Component interaction tests
  - [ ] Visual regression tests
  - [ ] Cross-browser compatibility
  - [ ] Mobile responsiveness
- [ ] **E2E Tests** (Playwright):
  - [ ] Full user workflows
  - [ ] API integration tests
  - [ ] Performance testing

### Tools & Dependencies to Install

```bash
# Documentation (in apps/docs/)
cd apps/docs
pnpm add nextra nextra-theme-docs next react react-dom
pnpm add @rodrito/react-here-maps

# Testing (in root)
cd ../..
pnpm add -D vitest @vitejs/plugin-react
pnpm add -D @testing-library/react @testing-library/jest-dom
pnpm add -D @playwright/test @playwright/experimental-ct-react
pnpm add -D jsdom happy-dom

# Optional: Visual regression
pnpm add -D @percy/playwright chromatic

# Update workspace
# Add "apps/docs" to pnpm-workspace.yaml
```

### File Structure After Migration

```txt
/
├── packages/
│   └── lib/              # React HERE Maps library (keep Storybook for dev)
├── apps/
│   ├── www/              # Demo application (existing)
│   └── docs/             # Nextra documentation site (new)
│       ├── pages/
│       │   ├── components/
│       │   ├── guides/
│       │   └── examples/
│       └── components/   # Interactive examples
├── tests/
│   ├── unit/             # Vitest + RTL tests
│   ├── integration/      # Playwright component tests
│   └── e2e/             # End-to-end tests
└── pnpm-workspace.yaml   # Update to include apps/docs
```

### Benefits of This Approach

- ✅ Keep Storybook for development workflow
- ✅ Modern, fast documentation site for users
- ✅ Comprehensive testing strategy
- ✅ Better maintainability and performance
- ✅ Professional documentation experience

---

## Geometric Shapes

- **Circle** - Display circular areas with radius
- **Polygon** - Create polygons with holes support
- **Rectangle** - Simple rectangular overlays
- **DomMarker** - HTML-based markers with DOM events

### Advanced Markers

- **MarkerCluster** - Group nearby markers for performance
- **InfoBubble** - Display information popups on markers
- **CustomIcon** - SVG-based markers with rotation support
- **AnimatedMarker** - Markers with position animations

## Routing & Directions

### Route Components

- **RoutingService** - Calculate routes between points
- **PedestrianRoute** - Walking directions display
- **DrivingRoute** - Car route visualization
- **TruckRoute** - Commercial vehicle routing with restrictions
- **PublicTransitRoute** - Public transport directions
- **BicycleRoute** - Cycling routes with altitude data

### Isoline & Coverage

- **Isoline** - Display reachable areas (time/distance)
- **ServiceArea** - Coverage area visualization

## Indoor Mapping

- **IndoorMap** - Indoor venue display
- **LevelControl** - Switch between floor levels
- **DrawingControl** - Navigate between buildings
- **VenueSearch** - Search within indoor spaces

## Layers & Visualization

- **TileLayer** - Custom tile overlays
- **HeatmapLayer** - Data density visualization
- **TrafficLayer** - Real-time traffic information
- **WeatherLayer** - Weather data overlay
- **ObjectLayer** - Custom object collections

## Geocoding & Search

- **Geocoder** - Address to coordinates conversion
- **ReverseGeocoder** - Coordinates to address lookup
- **PlaceSearch** - Point of interest search
- **AutoSuggest** - Search suggestions component

## Map Controls & UI

- **CompassControl** - Map orientation indicator
- **FullscreenControl** - Fullscreen toggle
- **LayerSwitcher** - Switch between map types
- **MiniMap** - Overview map component
- **CoordinateDisplay** - Show cursor coordinates

## Events & Interactions

- **ClickHandler** - Map click event management
- **DragHandler** - Drag and drop interactions
- **ContextMenu** - Right-click menu system
- **HoverEffects** - Mouse hover interactions

## Utility Hooks

- **useGeolocation** - User location detection
- **useMapBounds** - Track visible map area
- **useMapEvents** - Event listener management
- **useMapRestriction** - Limit map movement area
- **useMapCapture** - Screenshot functionality
- **useMapStyle** - Dynamic style switching

## Data & Analytics

- **PostcodeLayer** - Postal code boundaries
- **GeoJSON** - Display GeoJSON data
- **KMLLayer** - KML file visualization
- **DataVisualization** - Custom data overlays
